# 2026 __ __ Minutes Draft



A. SUMMARY OF ADVISORY ACTIONS  

Monthly 30 minute group conscience on taking inventory with a reverse business structure.  
Keep focused on taking inventory of disunity.  
Pursuing a formation of a clear explicit group conscience on main issues of group.  


B. SUMMARY OF DISCUSSIONS  

Previous month's controversial meeting and subsequent suggestions.  
New inventory structure.  
Previous discussions reviewed.  


1. MEETING OPENING  

Minutes secretary: I   
Members present: I,K,F  
Serenity prayer read  

Review previous minutes: Minutes were taken in short form and discussed casually.  


X. UNITY INVENTORY  

Problems of unity were discussed, continuing the discussion from the previous month.  
The importance of focusing on the root problem of disunity was explored. Tangential subjects were touched on with regards to specific solutions.  
Questions were posed in relation to whether specific problems are of importance to solving the core problem of disunity.  
A general question was phrased of 'Does such a solution/idea relate to the challenge of the group?'  
The idea of continuing autonomy as a group, with a new name, were touched on with a developing consensus.  
The decision to read something as an intervention during in-meeting controversy was reviewed.  


X. VIRTUAL CONSCIENCE  

It was proposed to adopt a group conscience structure which defers standard business matters to a virtual reporting means so to make available the monthly group conscience time for addressing group inventory. Specifically, a monthly group conscience will be help on the first Sunday of each month for a time of 30 minutes.  
This was proposed and seconded.  


X. APPENDIX A: NOTICE BUNDORAN GROUP CONSCIENCE  

An agenda was posted in advance. It was lightly followed.  

