# 2026 02 01 Minutes


Ratified minutes of group conscience 2026 02 01 Sunday morning

Minutes secretary: Iarom 00353852436370

Members present: Kieran, Francis, Iarom  
Apologies: D  


Summary

The problem of disunity was discussed followed by the long term conscience meeting structure that may be necessary to work on the problem.  
There was unanimous agreement on the general issue and the need for a solution to achieve unity.  
Many standard meeting format ideas were proposed.  
It was agreed that the meeting over the course of the last two years has taken the form of a new group having its own autonomy and conscience.  
And to recognise this in light of the wider conscience, to consider a name which makes it distinct from the other two groups.  
It was agreed that a regular schedule of structured inventory meetings would be important to facilitate unity and to rebuild the group.  
And to use the inventory meetings to slowly and agreeably build a meeting format with generally acceptable responses or ways of dealing with any possible controversy within weekly meetings.  
It was agreed to have these group conscience meetings at least once monthly on the first Sunday, immediately after the weekly meeting.  
The 2025 closing financial report was made.  


1. Meeting Opening

F proposed we begin the meeting with the serenity prayer and that we keep the meeting short to 15-20 minutes.  
A proposed agenda had been circulated in advance by Iarom which contained business items requiring more than the available time for the members present.  
It was proposed to then prioritize today with respect to the available time of members present based on the most time conscience items.  
A formal agenda was not put forward and instead a more casual group inventory style conscience evolved. It was very positive.  


2. Disunity

It was asked to the conscience for discussion whether the group is suffering from disunity.  
Specific histories, examples and ideas were discussed.  
It was clarified that all members are in unanimous agreement that disunity is the main concern of the group, and a concern worth working on.  


3. Long Term Conscience Structure

A number of ideas were brought up in relation to specific solutions to the current meeting but it was asked as to how these individual ideas might be built up over a longer period of time into a coherent group conscience agreement.  
The question was posed as to how much time commitment might be necessary in group conscience meetings over the long term to help work on the problem of disunity.  
And whether it would be important to make a regular schedule with an itemized agenda.  
It was unanimously agreed to have at least one group conscience per month, with a default date of the first Sunday of each month, with the core theme being the work of unity in all our affairs as a group.  


Keeping the door closed with the sign on the outside.  


4. Tradition 4 Group Autonomy

The nature of this conscience was discussed in relation to it being a new group over the past two years, through a distinct group conscience from that relating to the other meetings.  
It is widely accepted that distinct groups have formed around the distinct meetings.  
The rationale for this sense being that the various meetings have for more than one year been self organising via its own informed group conscience.  
Inline with tradition 4 on autonomy these 
Furthermore, its expressed that the members are favoured to break away from any history of conflict that has affected the wider group of which no unity was to this date possible.  

The point was made that a new name would be a fresh start with a clean slate.  

It is also noteworthy that the Thursday meeting has been temporarily closed and therefore the recognition of the new group would not create any exclusion or division.  
It was emphasised that no member would be excluded and any members anywhere would have the freedom to become new members.  

It was proposed for consideration to rename the current Sunday morning group the Sunday Morning Sobers.  
There was agreement on the idea but it was also agreed to not rush forward with this.  
That it would be important to sit and discuss it further so to allow other members not present to be part of the conversation and to voice their perspectives.  


5. Financial Report

Iarom has temporarily taken on the book keeping of the treasury.  
The previous treasurer had recently stepped back from the role after 12 months, but may return.  

The 2025 final books were reported. All numbers are in EUR.  
The report has been approximated based on circumstantial records because some of the bank statements and receipts are currently unavailable.  
The 2025 opening combined cash and bank balance was 1150.  
Total expenses of the year were 1700 and total contributions were 1820.  
The closing balance was 1270.  

As of Jan 9th 2026, the rent expense has been 125, and a lodgement of 463.72 was made on Jan 9th leaving the cash balance at 0 and the bank balance at approximately 1167.72.  
This could be less based on whether bank fee's have been applied.  

The financial report was proposed by Kieran and seconded by Francis.  
The report will be circulated with the minutes.  


6. Considered actions

Continue to work on a group conscience inventory structure  
Continue to maintain contact with the AA General Service structure and avail of the broader supports of the fellowship  
Taking agreeable actions to stay unified as a group  
Encourage new and past members into service  


7. Future business

General business
Ratify minutes  
Parish venue reports    

Conscience structure
Consider making a decision on a group conscience inventory time constraint.  
Consider something from a 30 or 60 minute time cap on conscience meetings with the election of a time keeper.  

Group inventory  
Question for inventory reflection: What would be the effects of a concerted effort as a group to stay united on all fronts and to work at this consistently for the whole 2026  
Consider directly working the traditions and concepts  
Consider taking inventory of all ideas for formatting the meeting and for addressing any concerns.  

Unity and format actions
Considering working with nearby groups to up meeting attendance.  
Work on a wording for a possible no foul language suggestion in the group inspired by Castlebar online meeting  


8. Next group conscience 

Meeting is schedule for either the third Sunday of February or the first of March 2025 03 01 after the 12:00 meeting.


Appendix A: Format Ideas

Many ideas were made throughout the whole group conscience to improve unity in terms of meeting formats and ways to approach disagreement in a meeting.  
These include but are not exhaustive to  
Possibly a biweekly group conscience during the rebuilding of the group  
A minimum of monthly group consciences  
Creating communal documents of group conscience decisions on any points of conflict within the meeting.  
For example to consult various perspectives on the topic of keeping doors open, and keeping the heat in the room.  
A document describing the meeting format with etiquette suggestions, which has been proposed and seconded at group conscience with unanimous agreement.  
1 hour meeting time.  
5 minutes per share.  
A notification plague for time.  
No fowl/vulgar language.  
Speaker meeting versus open floor depending on attendance and chair  
Read promises before closing the meeting  


Appendix B: Agenda circulated in advance

Agenda 2026 02 01 Bundoran Group Conscience Meeting

Preamble; Primary Purpose; traditions  
Inventory on Unity tradition 1  
Financial Report  
Matters Arising  
Area Report  
Matters Arising  
General Service Report  
Matters Arrising  
Meeting reports  
Matters Arising  
AOB  
Next conscience date  
Serenity Prayer  

