# 2026 02 15 Minutes Draft

To be ratified minutes of group conscience 2026 02 01 Sunday morning  
Minutes secretary: Iarom  
Members present: Kieran, Francis, Iarom  


Summary of discussions  
Contact with the parish was reported on.  
Treasury details about the vacancy of the role was discussed, and the need going forward for greater attention to detail.  


Summary of decisions  
The tradition 7 money is by default to be safeguarded outside the facilities on the day of collection.  
Bring forward GIS issues to area.  
Bring forward a motion to create a YPAR and corresponding subcommittee at area.  
Bring forward a motion to conference on the integration of meeting finders.  


1. Meeting opening

The serenity prayer was said  
The previous minutes were read and ratified  
From the previous meeting minutes business, matters on facilities, financial matters and meeting advertising came up.  


2. Meeting facilities 

It was asked about the current nature of the rental agreement with regards to the current rental rate  
The previous rate was 125 EURO per month between the three groups, each with 4 meetings per month, making 12 meetings for 125 EURO.  
A request was made to the parish secretary to remove the other two meetings from their booking schedule.  The parish will reach out after discussion between the administration team with regards to a new rental agreement.  
It was also noted that members may reach out come Summer about possibly opening the slots again if they are still available.  


3. GSO meeting finder and GIS issues

Matters were discussed relating to the rent business included the AA website's advertising of the closed meetings.  
The concern was raised that GSO has not processed the requests made of the group conscience of the Bundoran group's.  
GIS forms have been submitted on numerous occasions some 4 weeks ago now, and requests have been followed up via email to clarify.  
GSO said they would process such requests the following Monday but has on numerous occasions now not followed up with that.  
The intergroup secretary was also contacted in regards to this. They did look into it, but seemed to express a misunderstanding of the nature of the GIS submissions made which may have been based on inaccurate or misinterpreted information.  
Concern is expressed because members are travelling to attend the meetings advertised which are no longer open.  
Some members may travel up to one hour to attend said meetings.  
It was agreed that this is an important issue and to bring this concern to Donegal Area.  


4. Conscience structure and service members

It was asked about increasing attendance at the group conscience meetings and how this relates to important business over the recent changing times of the group.  
The consensus expressed is to keep things simple and to be mindful of balancing how encouraging members to attend consciences and to do service can sometimes inadvertently be a pressure which makes personal recovery more challenging.  
Particularly considering any recent challenges of the group and how that can relate to personal recovery.  
It was noted and agreed that our priority is tradition one, and to grow a positive attractive atmosphere for other members to become more involved over the longer course of time.  


5. Financial matters

Treasury matters were raised that the books have been neglected somewhat over the year.  
It was said that the finances are stable per the previous meeting report, but the records were poor up until now.  
Including recurring issues with storage of money until it could be consolidated into the bank.  
All things considered it's not an issue worth spending time on but moving forward it will be important to keep on top of record keeping.  
A motion was suggested by C, as a default procedure for safeguarding the collection of money for the treasurer to take it on the day and avoid when possible avoid the usage of the meeting facilities as storage.  
It was noted that the role of treasurer is still vacant.  
It was pointed out that it's generally suggested to leave a role vacant until someone becomes willing and available for the role.  


6. Area business

It was agreed that our group conscience will put forward to Donegal Area a motion to create a 'Young Person's Area Representative' role. It would be the area equivalent of the YPLO role currently at the level of intergroup and conference, and will be similar in structure to the PI roles.  
It was also agreed that our group would put forward a conference motion to integrate the AA Ireland meeting finder with AAWS meeting finder. This is amongst a set of reasons to allow better technological navigation and to allow foreign visitors of other nations who use such an app to more naturally find meetings during their time in Ireland.  
Furthermore, it was agreed as per the meeting reports discussion, to carry forward business matters relating to an apparent breakdown in GSO service in regards to GIS forms and the meeting finder.  


6. Unity inventory

Time was constrained with regards to reaching the inventory item  

Appendix A: Agenda Bundoran Group Conscience

Circulated in advance  

Preamble; Primary Purpose; traditions  
Ratify minutes  
Financial Report  
Matters Arising  
Area Report & Motions  
Matters Arising  
Inventory on Unity tradition 1  
AOB  
Next conscience date  
Serenity Prayer  

